Hey everyone. So we are announcing the
soft launch of Warp CLI. The Warp CLI
brings Warps agent into any environment.
So it lets you take saved prompts, Warp
Drive objects, agent profiles, and MCP
servers that you use inside Warp and
apply them anywhere. Let me show you
three examples of how you might use it.
So here I'm in Cursor's terminal, and I
want to use Warps agent to summarize my
codebase for me. I can set up Warp's CLI
and now I can run Warp CLI to give me a
full summary with a diagram as well as
an overview of the codebase with things
like component interactions, deployment
architecture, and runtime behavior. The
key value here is that even though I'm
not inside Warp, I still have access to
all of my saved prompts, my drive
context, and my agent profiles. For
example, I already have an agent profile
set up called YOLO agent in Warp. This
profile is tuned for autonomy. It always
executes commands, always reads files,
and has a command deny list for safety.
I know the ID of this profile by running
warp agent profile list, which shows all
of my profiles and their IDs. I also
already had a saved prompt to summarize
a codebase for me. It's already set up
with instructions to explain the
deployment architecture. And thanks to
an attached rule, it automatically
generates a diagram whenever I ask for a
summary. I can look up the ID for this
prompt by using the at menu inside of
warp. The second example is running Warp
CLI in GitHub actions. Here I've set up
a YAML file undergithub/workflows.
This workflow installs Warp CLI,
authenticates it, generates a patch file
for the PR, and then runs my reviewer
agent with the saved prompt and profile.
For example, it warns me about exposed
API keys, missing error handling, and
also highlights the positive
improvements like better logging. This
all happens automatically whenever I
push new commits to the PR. The value is
that I'm reusing the same reviewer
workflow that I trust locally in Warp,
but now it's running headlessly in a
continuous integration with the same
context. The third example is running
Warp CLI on a remote machine to
summarize server logs. Imagine I've got
a Docker container streaming logs to a
server. I can run warp CLI and get a
clear summary of what's happening like
memory exhaustion, database connection
failures, external API timeouts, high
disk usage, authentication errors, and
so on. Instead of combing through
endless log lines, I get the important
issues in one place. So whether I'm in
cursor or reviewing PRs through GitHub
actions or reviewing logs on a remote
server, the Warp CLI gives me a
consistent access to my agents. Now,
quick PSA that this is a beta launch. So
right now we are focused on getting a
small group of testers and the goal is
to get feedback on you all for what's
working and what's missing. So we hope
that you are all excited about this and
we're excited to see what you're going
to build with Warp CLI.